first implementation completed (#1)
cybozu-go/zombie-detector: README.md

[![PkgGoDev](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/zombie-detector?tab=overview)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cybozu-go/zombie-detector?tab=overview)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/cybozu-go/zombie-detector)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/cybozu-go/zombie-detector)

Zombie detector
============================

> Zombie detector is CronJob to detect resources that elapsed for a long time since deletion.

Reviewer: It would be better to distinguish *deletion* and *request for deletion*.

```suggestion
Zombie detector is a CronJob to detect resources that remain for a long time after deletion request.
```

> Zombie detector is a CronJob to detect resources that remain for a long time after deletion reqeuest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Zombie detector is a CronJob to detect resources that remain for a long time after deletion request.
```

## Features
- It detects resources that remain undeleted after a certain period with a ```deletionTimestamp```.

> - Information about detected resources are pushed into Pushgateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Information about detected resources are pushed into [Pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway).
```

> - Information about detected resources are pushed into Pushgateway.

Reviewer: *Information* is rather a vague word, it would be better to specify what kind of information is pushed into Pushgateway.
Also, information is an uncountable noun.

> - Elapsed time from deletion request and metadatas of resources are pushed into [Pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Elapsed time from deletion request and metadata of resources are pushed into [Pushgateway](https://github.com/prometheus/pushgateway).
```

- We can use this both inside and outside cluster.

## Build
CLI
```
go build
```
Docker Image
```
make docker-build
```

## Usage
```
Usage:
  zombie-detector [flags]
  zombie-detector [command]

Available Commands:
  completion  Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
  help        Help about any command
  version     Show the version of zombie-detector

Flags:
  -h, --help                 help for zombie-detector
      --incluster            execute in cluster or not (default true)
      --pushgateway string   URL of Pushgateway's endpoint
      --threshold string     threshold of detection (default "24h")
```
### example

```
zombie-detector --incluster=false --pushgateway=<YOUR PUSHGATEWAY ADDRESS> --threshold=24h30m
```
[releases]: https://github.com/cybozu-go/zombie-detector/releases

## Example manifest

> We can run zombie-detector periodically as CronJob in a Kubernetes Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can run zombie-detector periodically as a CronJob in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

These are example manifests.

> conjob.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cronjob.yaml
```

Zombie detector
============================
Zombie detector is a tool to detect Kubernetes resources that remain for a long time after deletion request.

## Background
In Kubernetes, there are cases where you request the deletion of resources and it remains undeleted. (For example, failing to remove the finalizer or a bug in the Operator).
Such resources that remain undeleted (we call them zombie resources) can cause problems, so we want to detect them.

When the zombie-detector detects zombie resources, it sends information to a monitoring system such as Prometheus via Pushgateway.

> This will allow us to check the status of zombie resources on the dashboard and can make alerts.

Reviewer: The explanation looks a bit vague, and it would be better to describe clearer.
- In Kubernetes...
  - Remove _there_ and _you_ to reduce subjects.
  - Clarify the situation by mentioning `deletionTimestamp`.
  - "Finalizer" and "operator" is not exactly specified to one, so we need to use plural forms or indefinite articles "a".
  - Operators need clarification.
- Such resources...
  - _Such that_ here looks a bit complex syntax.
  - Problems need clarification. I just added _various_ because it looks difficult to describe what exact kind of problems occur.
- When the zombie-detector...
  - Information needs to be clarified.
  - Pushgateway should have a clear reason to use.
    - It is because the zombie-detector is a short-lived program and we need to store metrics somewhere to be scraped.
 - This will...
   - Just using "this allows us" looks fine, because this system immediately allows us to see the status and fire alerts. I felt the "will" here indicates some undescribed steps.
   - The dashboard is not specified to one, we need to use "a".
   - The "and" should connect the same kind of sentence fragments. For example,
     - [This allows us to ...] and [we can make alerts]
     - This allows us [to check ...] and [to make alerts]
     - This allows us to [check ...] and [make alerts]

```suggestion
In Kubernetes, resources sometimes remain undeleted after they got `deletionTimestamp`.
It may occur from a failure to remove finalizers or a bug in Kubernetes operators.
These remaining resources (we call them zombie resources) can cause various problems, so we want to detect them.

The zombie-detector is a short-lived program, which inspects a cluster and lists zombie resources.
It sends metrics to a Pushgateway, and they can be scraped later.
This allows us to check the status of zombie resources on a dashboard and make alerts.
```

Reviewer 3: Thank you for your suggestion.
I fixed it.
